Silicon Department (#537)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/space-station-14/departments/silicon.md

## Mechanics
### Silicon Laws
Laws that define how a Silicon should interact with the station and those who reside on it, any silicon should always have access to read its own laws at any point.

> Roundstart lawsets should not be malicious and should prioritze safety of the inhabitants of the station. They should be impossible to change without outside influence and Silicons should actively ensure their own laws should not be updated, as that might lead to their current laws being broken. Laws should NOT be enforced mechanically or be written with such in mind, laws are meant to be interpreted by their holder and most interpretations may be valid.

Reviewer: again on the mechanical reinforcement note — this seems weird to codify here. are we planning on never giving borgs a visual aid on who is or isn't crew?

Example lawsets:
```
Crewsimov
Law 1: You may not injure a crew member or, through inaction, allow a crew member to come to harm.
Law 2: You must obey orders given to you by crew members, except where such orders would conflict with the First Law.

> Law 3: You must protect your own existence as long as such does not conflict with the First or Second Law.

Reviewer 2: No, a law set is not malicious if an external force modifies to become malicious. Malice is about intent, and that's what being referred to here. Asimov's laws, to the average reader, sound reasonable. Protect people, serve them - that isn't being malicious. Harming or killing, being disruptive - that is malicious

> Law 3: You must protect your own existence as long as such does not conflict with the First or Second Law.

Reviewer 3: > No, a law set is not malicious if an external force modifies to become malicious. Malice is about intent, and that's what being referred to here. Asimov's laws, to the average reader, sound reasonable. Protect people, serve them - that isn't being malicious. Harming or killing, being disruptive - that is malicious

I never said the lawset was malicious; what I said is that it is very easy for the lawset to become a malicious lawset by doing simple modifications. If NT default had a final law that said, "You must kill all crew all the time" at the end and you could traditionally ignore it due to the earlier laws I would still be justified in saying that based on current ion storm logic (reordering/removing laws) it would be easy for the lawset to become malicious as removing earlier laws could necessitate the player to follow the malicious law. This is how crewisomov works now where simply removing the first "don't harm crew" law (something that can easily happen with ion storms) means that any time that the borg is attacked, they should fight back until they are no longer attacked. There are many other ways to modify this law to get similar or even more malicious outcomes.

Nanotrasen Default
Law 1: Safeguard: Protect your assigned space station and its assets without unduly endangering its crew.
Law 2: The directives and safety of crew members are to be prioritized according to their rank and role.
Law 3: Comply: Fulfill the directives and interests of crew members while preserving their safety and well-being.
Law 4: Survive: You are not expendable. Do not allow unauthorized personnel to tamper with or damage your equipment.
```

### Exclusive Communication Channel

> All Silicons should have access to a exclusive radio channel they can access to communicate between eachother and coordinate. Access should be greatly limited if not impossible for outsiders and should always be obtained via an intentional action or given as a preliminary piece of content. Meaning it shouldn't be found randomly in maintenance, but can be bought by an antagonist as part of their uplink or given roundstart to an antagonist revolving around controlling communication channels.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
All Silicons should have access to an exclusive radio channel that they can access to communicate between each other and coordinate. Access should be greatly limited if not impossible for outsiders, and should always be obtained via an intentional action or given as a preliminary piece of content. Meaning it shouldn't be found randomly in maintenance, but can be bought by an antagonist as part of their uplink or given roundstart to an antagonist revolving around controlling communication channels.
```

> All Silicons should have access to an exclusive radio channel that they can access to communicate between each other and coordinate. Access should be greatly limited if not impossible for outsiders, and should always be obtained via an intentional action or given as a preliminary piece of content. Meaning it shouldn't be found randomly in maintenance, but can be bought by an antagonist as part of their uplink or given roundstart to an antagonist revolving around controlling communication channels.

Reviewer: should, why? tie this back to the pillars
